so it's taking us a lot of videos to get
through the neural network learning
algorithm in this video what I'd like to
do is try to put all the pieces together
to give a overall summary or a bigger
picture view of how all the pieces fit
together and of the overall process for
how to implement a neural network
learning now when training a neural
network the first thing you need to do
is pick some network architecture and by
architecture I just mean connectivity
pattern between the neurons so you know
we might choose between say a neural
network with three input units and five
hidden units and four output units
versus one with three five hidden five
million for output and here at three
five five five units in each of three
hidden layers and four output units and
some of these choices of how many hidden
units in each layer and how many hidden
layers
those are architecture choices so how do
you make these choices well first the
number of input units well that's pretty
well defined and once you've decided on
a fixed set of features X the number of
input units would just be you know the
dimension of your few features X Y will
be determined by that and if you're
doing multi-class classification the
number of output units will be
determined by the number of classes in
your classification problem and just a
reminder if you have a multi-class
classification where Y takes on say
values between 1 and 10 so that you have
10 possible classes then remember to
rewrite your purpose Y as these source
effectors right instead of class 1 you
recode it as a vector like that
second class you mean coldness effect
like that so if one of your examples is
um
takes on the fifth class here y equals 5
then what you're showing to your neural
network is not actually a value of y
equals 5 instead here at the upper layer
which would have a 10 output units you
will instead feed to the vector which
you know we're done with a 1 in the
fifth position and then a bunch of zeros
down there so the choice of number of
input units and number of output units
may be somewhat reasonably is
straightforward and as for the number of
hidden units and the number of hidden
layers a reasonable default is to use a
single hidden layer so this type of
neural network shown on the left with
just one hidden layer is probably the
most common or if you use more than one
hidden layer again a reasonable default
will be to have the same number of
hidden units in every single layer so
here we have two hidden layers and each
of these hidden layers has the same
number five of hidden units and here we
have you know three hidden layers and
each of them has the same number of
there's five hidden units but rather
than doing these this this sort of
network architecture on the left would
be a perfectly reasonable default and as
for the number of hidden units usually
the more hidden units the better is just
that if you have a lot of hidden units
it can become more computationally
expensive but very often having more
hidden units is a good thing and usually
the number of hidden units in each layer
will be may be comparable to the
dimension of X comparable to the number
of features or it could be anywhere from
same number of hidden units as simple
features to maybe twice of that three or
four times of that so
having a number of hidden units as
culpable you know several times are
somewhat bigger than the number of
different features is often a useful
thing to do so hopefully this gives you
one reasonable set of default choices
when they are architecture and if you
follow these guidelines you probably get
something that works well but it's in a
link to a set of videos where our talks
specifically about advice for how to
apply learning algorithms I'll actually
say a lot more about how to choose in
your network architecture actually have
quite a lot more to say later about how
to make good choices for the number of
hidden units number of hidden areas and
so on
next here's what we need to implement in
order to train in your network there are
actually six steps that I have I have
reformed the slide and two more steps on
the next slide first step is to set up
the neural network and to randomly
initialize the values of the weights and
we usually initialize the weights to
values to small values near zero then we
implement for propagation so that we can
input any inflects in the neural network
and compute H of X which is this output
vector of the Y values we then also
intimate code to compute this cost
function J of theta and next we
implement that proper back or the back
propagation algorithm to compute these
partial derivatives terms a partial
derivatives of j of theta with respect
to the parameters concretely to
implement back prop usually we will do
that with a full loop over the training
examples some of you may have heard of
advances of a frankly very advanced
vectorization methods where you don't
have a for loop over the M training
examples but the first time we're
implementing back route there should
almost certainly be for loop in your
code where you're iterating over these
are
x1 y1 then so you do forward problem
and then in the second iteration of the
for loop you do forward propagation and
back propagation on the second example
and so on until you get through the
finer example so there should be a for
loop in your implementation of back prop
at least the first time you're
implementing it and then the thankfully
somewhat complicated ways to do this
will work with all with all they follow
but I definitely do not recommend trying
to do that much more complicated version
the first time you try to make for a
back problem so concretely you will have
a for loop over my M training examples
and inside the for loop we're going to
perform for a profit back problem using
just this one example and what that
means is that we're going to take X I
and feedback to my infant layer before
for profit perform back prop and that
would give me all of these activations
and all of these Delta terms for all of
my all of the layers of all my units
ative you and that's worth then is still
inside this for loop then with your some
curly braces just to show the scope of
the for loop this is an octave code of
course but there's more.they C++ Java
code and the for loop they come to solve
this we're going to compute those Delta
terms which here's the formula that we
gave earlier plus Delta L plus 1 times
they transform into some of the code and
then finally outside the for-loop you
know having computed these Delta terms
these accumulation terms you would then
have some other code and then that will
allow us to compute these partial
derivative terms right end of these
partial derivative terms have to take
into account the regularization term
long term as well and so that those
formulas were given in an earlier video
so having done that you now hopefully
have code to confuse these partial
derivative terms next in step 5
what I do is then use gradient checking
to compare these partial derivative
terms that were computed so if compare
the variations computed using back
propagation versus the partial
derivatives computer and using the
numerical estimates that is using the
numerical estimate of the derivatives
that do gradient checking to make sure
that both of these gives you very
similar values having done gradient
checking does now reassures us that our
implementation of backpropagation is
correct and is then very important that
we disable gradient checking because the
gradient checking code is
computationally very slow and finally we
then use a optimization algorithm such
as gradient descent or one of the
advanced optimization that there's such
as LVADs Kunshan gradient as embodied
into effect menu and CEO or other
optimization methods we use these
together with back propagation so back
propagation is the thing that computes
these partial derivatives for us and so
we know how to compute the cost function
we know how to compute the partial
derivatives using back propagation so we
can use one of these optimization
methods to try to minimize J of theta as
a function of
pronounces theta and by the way for
neural networks this cost function J of
theta is non convex or as not convex and
so it can theoretically be susceptible
to local minima and in fact algorithms
like gradient descent and the advanced
optimization methods can in theory get
stuck in local Optima but it turns out
that in practice this is not usually a
huge problem and even though we can't
guarantee that these algorithms will
find the global Optima usually
algorithms like gradient descent will do
a very good job minimizing this cost
function J of theta and get to a very
good local minimum even if it doesn't
get to the global optimum finally
gradient descent for a new network might
all seem a little bit magical so let me
just show one more figure to try to get
better intuition about what gradient
descent for a neural network is doing
this was actually similar to the figure
that I was using earlier to explain
gradient descent so we have some cost
function and we have a number of
parameters our neural network right here
I've just written down two of the
parameter values in reality of course in
the neural network we can have lots of
parameters so these theta 1 theta 2 all
of these are matrices right so we can
have very high dimensional parameters
but because of the limitations of the
source of possibly draw I'm pretending
that we have only two parameters in this
neural network although obviously we
have a lot more in practice now this
cost function J of theta measures how
well the neural network fits the
training data so if you take a point
like this one down here that's a point
where J of theta is pretty low and so
this corresponds to a setting of the
parameters there's a setting of the
parameters theta where you know for most
of the training examples the output
hypothesis that may be pretty close to
why I and if this is true then that's
what causes my cost function to be
pretty low whereas in contrast you were
to take a value like that a point like
that corresponds to where for many
training examples the output of my
neural network is far from the actual
value why I there was observed in the
training set so points like this on the
right correspond to where the hypothesis
where the neural network is outputting
values on the training set but far from
Y is not fitting the training set well
where as points like this with long
values of the cost function corresponds
to where J of theta is low and therefore
corresponds to where the neural network
happens to be fitting my training set
well because I mean this this is what's
needed to be true in order for J of
theta to be small so what gradient
descent does is so start some from some
random initial point like that out over
there and it will repeatedly go downhill
and so what back propagation is doing
this is computing the direction of the
gradient then what gradient descent is
doing this is taking rule stairs
downhill until hopefully it gets to in
this case the pretty good local optimum
so when you implement back propagation
and use gradient descent or one of the
advanced optimization that is this
picture sort of explains what the
algorithm is doing is trying to find a
value of the parameters where the open
values of the neural network closely
matches the values of the Y's observed
in your training
so hopefully this gives you a better
sense of how the many different pieces
of neural network learning fit together
in case even after this video in case
you still feel like there are like a lot
of different pieces and it's not
entirely clear what some of them do how
all of these pieces come together that's
actually okay neural network learning
and back propagation is a complicated
algorithm and even though I've seen the
math behind back propagation many years
not used back propagation I think very
successful in many years even today I
still feel like I don't always have a
grasp of exactly what back propagation
is doing sometimes and of what the
optimization process looks like of
minimizing J of theta and this is much
harder algorithm to feel like I have a
much less good handle on you know
exactly what this is doing compared to
say linear regression or logistic
regression which were mathematically and
conceptually much simpler and much
cleaner algorithms but so in case you
feel the same way you know that's
actually perfectly okay but so if you do
implement back-propagation hopefully
what you find is that this is one of the
most powerful learning algorithms and if
you implement this algorithm and for the
back propagation and implement one of
these optimization methods you find that
back propagation will be able to fit
very complex powerful nonlinear
functions to your data and this is one
of the most
now since we have today